[DOCS] Threat Intel Card uses Fleet TI integrations (#1455)
elastic/security-docs: docs/getting-started/security-ui.asciidoc

*Threat Intelligence*

> The Threat Intelligence view on the Overview page gives you a streamlined way to collect threat intelligence data for threat detection and matching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Threat Intelligence view on the Overview page provides a streamlined way to collect threat intelligence data for threat detection and matching.
```

*Threat Intelligence*

> //The Threat Intelligence view shows the total number of threat indicator events collected by the Threat Intel module. This module ingests, parses, and visualizes data from several open source threat feeds to provide you with relevant and timely threat intelligence. As a security analyst, you can use this data in a variety of ways. For example, you can reference this data while building new threat indicator match rules or triaging alerts. Or, you use it to assess the robustness of your organization's security controls and make suggestions for improvements. Regardless of your goal, the Threat Intelligence view offers you timely and actionable threat intelligence that you can leverage for your, or your organization's, detection and prevention needs.

Author: It's not needed and we can always recover this in previous versions of the file. Deleted!
